Motivations – Concise version 

 

Other than the obvious reason—to make money—I have some personal motivations for trading. 

High risk tolerance and emotional control (why i am good)

First, I think I have a high tolerance for risk. I try my best to stay calm and think clearly, even when things get tough. For example, when we had a big loss, I focused on our long-term plan and trusted our process, instead of letting fear take over. 

To help with this, our team built systems like flow-based market making algorithms, stress tests, and structured ways to accept new trades. These tools give us more structure and help remove emotions from our decisions. 

One time, I was asked how long it would take to recover from a loss. I said 1.5 to 2.5 months. By trusting our process and not getting emotional, we did make back the loss in that time.  

Competitiveness 

I’m also very competitive with myself. I like to challenge and test my own limits. Trading is great for this because you can clearly see if you are winning or losing. I also really like the challenges on trading desk, it’s a good way for me to use what I know from statistics, machine learning, and computer science in real life, which I really enjoy. 

Randomness & Excitements 

Even though trading can be stressful, I actually enjoy dealing with randomness and uncertainty. I think it makes life more interesting. That’s why I also enjoy playing poker. Being a trader gives me the excitement of randomness daily, and also in a much more interesting way than just playing cards. 

Apology  

First of all, I want to say that im actually very interested working on the CB desk. I like that’s its prop, and the freedom that I can express views on different markets like equities, fx, and rates.  

Also, sorry that I wasnt able to do much in the beginning, because I wasn’t sure if I could handle both warrants and CB tasks at the same time, so I wanted to finish my main projects first before doing more. 

For example, I made a market-making algorithm using my own logic, hoping it could help automate some simple flow management. But luckily, we now have some new algorithms developed by the team, which is great. 

I also built a trading dashboard to track our risk intraday and spot any toxic flows. Everyday, we have to watch hundreds of products and thousands of trades, so I thought this dashboard would be like having another pair of eyes instead. This way, I can spend more time helping the CB desk. 

 

That’s why I tried my best to finish these projects to a deployable standards as quickly—so I could be more available and helpful to the team. 
